Previously on Witches of East End
It worked!
Wait. Don't go away.
I suck at this.
Archibald Browning. The man who built
this place back in the early 1900s.
- You only killed my eldest daughter.
- Ingrid was reborn.
WENDY: Remember, I've known you
for over several centuries,
and you're probably the
most gifted one of us all.
JOANNA: All of our kind must abide.
We never reveal ourselves.
I'm going to be your sister-in-law,
and I want you and my husband...
I can't watch you with him.
(electrical popping)
FREYA (gasps): Killian!
The electrical system
at the bar went haywire.
Just doing my job.
Secrets are poison in a relationship,
don't you agree?
♪
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Whoa.
(gasps)
- Hey.
- Oh, my God...
What are you doing here?
- Swimming.
- Yeah.
- That much I can figure out.
- Beauty and brains.
Quite the combination.
(chuckles) Tell me something.
Have you always been a smart-ass?
Pretty much.
Seriously, what are
you doing in my pool?
Penelope said I could use
her pool whenever I want.
It beats the freezing
cold ocean, so...
You call her Penelope? You know
that's really weird, right?
She's your mom.
Really? 'Cause right now
it sounds like you're my mom.
So, does this mean
you come here often?
Is that a line? Are you trying
to pick up on me?
(scoffs)
Please. You wish.
You're right.
I do.
Uh... I wish you wouldn't
say things like that.
- Come on, I'm just messing around.
- I know. I...
It's not just that, I-I feel like
you're waiting for me or something.
And I don't want you to.
I'm not waiting.
But I hear you,
loud and clear.
I don't recall your doctor giving
you permission to swim yet.
Uh, I'm fine.
DASH: Well, you suffered
a profound electric shock last week.
And yet I feel like
a thousand bucks.
Yeah. That's not
a lot of money, Killian.
- Well, maybe not to you.
- But you know what?
I'd like you to come by the hospital this
afternoon so I can take a look at you.
- Say... 1:00?
- 'Kay, Dad.
So, you guys
are just cool now?
No, not really.
But, like, I've missed him all
these years, and if there's a way
we can even have a halfway normal
relationship, I might as well try.
What can I say?
He's my little brother.
You know, you are the
best person I've ever met.
- The best?
- The best.
Wow.
Ingrid Beauchamp.
(laughs):
Mrs. Gardiner!
- Just the woman I wanted to see.
- Can I help you with a book?
No, but I've come
bearing gifts for you.
As you know, renovations
at Fair Haven have been ongoing,
and we've unearthed quite
a few gems from the past.
- Oh...
- One in particular...
I thought you'd be
interested in.
Wow. That's...
PENELOPE: Uncanny, right? I could
hardly believe it when I saw it.
She looks exactly
like you, Ingrid.
A little, I guess,
around the eyes.
She could be your twin.
This woman must have been
a relative of yours, don't you think?
Definitely. Yes.
I know my family
has lived in this town
for a long time,
so that would make sense.
I wonder who she was.
And why she looks
so troubled.
You think she looks troubled?
I do.
♪
Season 1, Episode 6
"Potentia Noctis"
Synced by Reef
www.addic7ed.com
- All right, remember what I taught you.
- Right.
Deep breath...
Set your intention...
And let it out.
- Holy crap! I did it!
- You did it! (squeals)
I am so proud of you.
You're at a whole another
level with this stuff.
I know. It's incredible. It's like I'm...
Suddenly stronger.
And I feel more
in control of my life.
I told Killian
to move on.
I did! And he was shirtless at the
time, so you know I meant it.
Why was he shirtless?
We were in the pool.
Get your mind out of the gutter.
Okay. Good for you.
It's like there's nothing
I can't do right now.
Can you put out fires?
'Cause I think you started one.
(laughs)
Maybe I'm too powerful?
Yeah. That... yeah,
that's what you are.
(exhales)
What are we gonna do?
Well, I don't think
there's anything we can do.
What if she figures out it's me?
(laughs):
Ingrid. I don't think anyone's
gonna look at that
hundred-year-old photograph
and decide that it means
you're a secret witch
under an ancient curse
that causes you to be reborn
again and again.
You said it yourself.
She assumed it's a relative.
What's going on?
Uh, Penelope found an old
photograph of Ingrid at Fair Haven.
Oh. And you're worried
she's gonna figure out it's you?
Cool bathing suit.
I don't know.
It's just, I know that it's me,
but I don't know anything
about my other lives,
and I'm starting to get curious.
- Oh.
- Yeah.
Who is that little
girl I'm with?
Why was I hanging out at Fair Haven?
Did I know Archibald Browning?
Not really.
It's... not really...
- Worth getting into that.
- No.
I can tell there's more to this.
Why don't you want me to know?
I don't want you to be defined
by all your other lives.
I don't want you to carry
the baggage of all your mistakes.
What mistakes?!
Uh-oh.
Fine. Don't tell me.
She's not gonna stop.
You know how determined she is.
Should we just tell her the truth?
If we tell her,
she may never forgive you.
You really want to risk that?
♪ (sighs)
All right, big breath in.
Out.
All right.
Sounds good. But you should have
a full blood panel done.
I oddly miss these lectures.
Feels like old times.
(sighs) You got a long way to go
before it's like old times again.
But... seeing you almost die
did put things in perspective.
Just promise me you'll get
a checkup, all right?
How about if I just promise
not to get electrocuted again?
Deal?
(sighs)
Dr. Gardiner?
I ran some tests on the mass you pulled
from Maura Thatcher's throat.
It appears to be made of some sort
of organic, spongy osseous tissue.
But get this, it...
Oh, God, I didn't realize you had
a patient in here. I am so sorry.
No, no, it's okay. We're finished.
Amy, this is my brother, Killian.
Killian, Dr. Matthews, MD, PhD,
medical research superstar.
(laughs)
Um, we can finish this later.
Oh, hey,
don't leave 'cause of me.
I love a good organic,
spongy, osseous tissue story.
(laughs):
Oh. Well, who doesn't?
So, I didn't know
Dr. Gardiner had a brother.
Yeah, he likes to keep that quiet.
But here I am.
Yep, and here you go.
I've got work to do. Shockingly,
you're not my only patient today.
- Really nice to meet you, Amy.
- You, too. Yeah.
(laughs)
♪
- How is that possible...
- Ingrid, guess what?
Oh. What are you doing?
- Falling down the rabbit hole.
- What do you mean?
Penelope found this picture of me
at Fair Haven,
and I'm with this little girl
who looks strangely familiar,
but Mom won't tell me who it is;
you know how she gets
about the past, so I thought,
hey, I don't need Mom,
I'm a researcher...
I'll just do some research.
And that's how I figured out
it was Athena.
What was Athena?
The little girl in the picture
was Athena. Browning.
As in Archibald. You know,
the man who built Fair Haven.
- Satanist, cult leader.
- Yeah, I don't get it.
Athena is Archibald's daughter.
Do you have any water?
(laughs): I'm really thirsty.
And that rhymed.
Ingrid, is there anything else
in these brownies besides chocolate?
Exactly!
- That is the point!
- What is the point?
Of the entire endeavor.
Try to keep up.
See, when I realized who
the little girl was,
I thought, holy shit, what
does this have to do with me,
- ...and why doesn't Mom want me to know?
- Uh-huh.
Then I thought: I'm a witch;
I'll just cast a spell.
A spell to help me remember
So I searched the Grimoire,
and I found this recipe,
which I messed with a little,
and then I did it...
a spell to help me remember
my life from 1906...
I baked it into this brownie.
- And?
- I'm pretty sure it's bunk.
I've eaten the entire pan.
I don't really feel a thing,
except I'm a little agitated. Do you
want to try one, see if it works on you?
No! No. Thank you. That's tempting.
But I'm gonna meet Dash,
and then I'm gonna go to work.
Okay. You let me know
how that goes, okay?
(sighs)
Thanks for nothing,
magic brownie.
(gasps)
(quietly):
Ingrid.
♪
♪ ~ Mecca Kalani - Feel Me ~ ♪
You are the most beautiful
creature I have ever seen.
(exhales)
(panting)
I love you, Archibald.
Okay, these test results
can't be right.
I didn't
think so either.
So I ran them again.
And again and again...
Are you sure the tissue
sample wasn't compromised?
I'm gonna pretend like you
didn't just ask me that question.
It's not you I'm questioning. These
test results are unscientifically possible.
Well, I did find an example of a similar
phenomenon in an obscure medical journal.
Apparently, in 1995, a woman
in rural Louisiana
presented in a small county E.R.
with severe throat pain
and obstructed breathing.
They found one of these
growing out of her windpipe.
And it was idiopathic?
Yep. Although she claims it was because
she was cursed by a voodoo priestess.
Okay, maybe we should contact that
hospital and cross-reference our findings.
We can't. Get this.
The admitting doctor
and two researchers all died
of severe lung infections
three weeks after the incident.
The hospital
was demolished due
to an apparent asbestos
contamination.
The sample was never recovered.
- Well, that's not very helpful.
- No.
(knocking) FREYA: Hello.
Can I come in?
- Hey, babe.
- Freya, so good to see you.
Hi. (groans)
What is that thing?
That is a medical mystery.
But I'm gonna solve it.
Where'd it come from?
Oh, I pulled it out
of Maura Thatcher's throat
the day she freaked out
on your family at the Bent Elbow.
You did?
Hey, maybe she was cursed
by a voodoo priestess.
What?!
(chuckles)
She's kidding. Look,
why don't we take a break?
Maybe we should
grab some lunch?
- Yeah, sure.
- Okay.
Oh, no.
(exhales)
Archibald.
I got another letter from Freya!
She's settled in San Francisco and
says she's met the love of her life.
- (chuckles) What else is new?
- Oh, I miss her so.
Edith, tell me
what the problem is.
My hands are so sore
I can barely lift 'em.
And I'm afraid
they'll never work again.
Well, not to worry.
Wendy will mix you just
the right salve.
And in the meantime,
close your eyes, Edith.
(quietly): Sana manus
mulieris huius.
Sana manus mulieris huius.
Oh, my.
It's much better.
(gasps)
Like... magic.
It's just a little healing technique
I picked up in Europe. Oh...
Oh...
Edith, this is the ointment that
you rub on your hands twice daily.
Oh, thank you.
You three really are
miracle-workers.
(chuckles)
Thank you, Edith.
(whistles softly)
Joanna...
You're looking well.
That'll be two dollars.
Mm.
Oh, uh, one more thing.
One of my disciples
has fallen ill.
I'm looking for an herb.
It's called feverfox.
I've never heard of it.
Hmm. I believe I've seen it here
on your shelves.
It's a...
it's a bluish powder.
No. My sister's right.
We don't stock feverfox.
It's illegal and rather toxic
in the wrong hands.
Hmm. I thought
you'd never heard of it.
She hasn't. I have.
We can't help you.
Of course.
Well, I'll be going, then.
You ladies really must pay
a visit to Fair Haven.
It's finally complete, and I think you'll
be impressed with what we're doing.
It is the next level of being
for our kind.
- No, thank you.
- We're good.
ARCHIBALD:
As you wish.
Ingrid?
Good to see you.
(moaning)
FREYA:
Hey, what's up?
Should we be worried about this?
(gasps)
- Where did you get that?
- At the hospital. Why? What is it?
Ramus mortium, branch of death.
You touch it, you die.
(gasps) What? (moaning)
What if it's too late?
Ramus mortium sickness
takes a few weeks to kick in.
- (sniffs) So we have time. We'll fix it.
- And when it does kick in?
You know that, uh,
drippy metallic-y stuff
- ...that was on the branch?
- Yeah. Uh-huh.
That slowly but surely fills up your
lungs until you drown from within.
- Why would you tell me that?
- You asked.
You didn't have to answer
that honestly. (groans)
Oh, my God. This is all your fault. You
were the one that put the spell on Maura.
No, no, no. This is something
much bigger, much darker.
I bet it happened when
the shifter attacked her.
So why isn't Maura dead
if this thing is so toxic?
She's the host. It grew from
within, so she's immune.
- You on the other hand...
- Oh, yeah, I know. I'm infected.
Okay, Freya, I'm gonna need you
to listen to me.
I'm not gonna lie to you.
Ramus mortium sickness is bad.
Really bad.
I've seen people die from it.
I've seen you die from it
300 years ago, so I'm gonna
need you to suck it up.
Wow. This is the world's
shittiest pep talk.
My point is you don't have
to die from it.
We didn't know how to stop it
back then. We do now.
This drink is the cure.
I'm gonna need you to make it.
But why me?
Honey, even with all your inexperience,
you have a gift for potions.
It's in your blood.
I'm never gonna be able
to make it as good as you.
So this branch can kill
regular people, too?
Anybody who touches it. But this antidote
offers protection for a few years...
It's kind of like a tetanus shot...
Just in case you're re-exposed.
So I'm gonna have to get Dash
and Amy to take this, too.
Yes. And make sure
they drink a lot, okay?
You'll know that you're cured
when your ears start ringing.
- Freya?
- Huh?
You're gonna save lives, like
the ass-kicking witch that you are.
Okay.
(exhales)
"...Interruption to
his father and mother,
"how patiently and kindly so ever
they might endure it for his sake..."
- Ingrid!
- Athena!
Oh...
You missed dinner. And you said
you were going to braid my hair.
I know. I couldn't get away. I'm sorry,
but I'll braid it tomorrow.
- Promise?
- Mm-hmm.
Go get ready
for bed, dear.
Good night, Daddy.
Good night, Ingrid.
You were
very convincing today.
I almost believed
you didn't know me.
That would be
an unthinkable reality.
Did you bring
the feverfox ?
Good girl.
(chuckles)
Calliope! Fetch Elizabeth!
Elizabeth, I'm glad you decided
to go through with this.
You won't regret it.
Oh, I must admit
I'm a little nervous.
My brother thinks you all do
the devil's work.
(chuckles)
Your brother is a cretin.
Ingrid and myself
are superior creatures.
You're lucky we're willing
to deal with your kind at all,
let alone help you
the way we are.
I see you've, uh,
brought the money.
This is everything I have.
(chuckles)
I'm not going to lie.
This... will hurt.
A lot.
Thank you.
Close your eyes
and drink.
INGRID AND ARCHIBALD: Spiritus
obscuri da viriditatum.
Spiritus obscuri
da viriditatum.
Spiritus obscuri da viriditatum.
(Elizabeth moaning)
(wailing)
Spiritus obscuri da viriditatum.
(screaming)
Spiritus obscuri
da viriditatum.
(panting)
Did it work?
It did. You are young again.
You have what you wanted.
Thank you so much.
I'm forever in your debt.
Calliope, tonight's ritual
will take place in the pool.
Prepare Elizabeth
for her initiation.
I promise
you'll love it, dear.
(sighs)
Shall we...
prepare, as well?
♪
(sighs)
- So, who's ready for another round?
- AMY: Oh.
Once again, you forget
a glass for me.
You stick to your root beer.
You're our designated driver.
Ah, you guys all want to
pile onto my motorcycle?
I said you could
use my car.
Thank you for inviting me out
tonight, Freya,
but I have to tell you,
I am a bit of an amateur,
and I don't know if I can handle
another one of these, um...
What are they called?
East End Antidote...
with a twist.
Right. Yeah, I'm pretty drunk
from the last three rounds.
- Hogwash! We are celebrating!
- What?
- Did you really just say "hogwash"?
- Okay, wait. What are we celebrating?
We are celebrating the fact
that you two are about
to solve that whole medical mystery
you were working on earlier.
What do the other doctors say?
Who else is working on it with you?
Maybe we should invite them here,
maybe have a little
brainstorming session?
Wow. I think
this is the most interest
you've shown in my work
since the day I met you.
Hey, that's not fair.
I'm always interested in your work.
Hold on, hold on. I didn't
mean it like that, all right?
All I meant was, is that
my job can be stressful,
and I like that you are
an oasis away from all that.
Okay, when I'm with you, I can be happy
and just forget about my troubles.
But you know that I
care about your work.
I know you do.
And you don't always
want to talk about it.
You're right. I don't. I'm sorry.
It just came out wrong.
This is the most delicious drink
I think I've ever had.
It, um... it tastes
like... sunshine.
KILLIAN: Wow.
AMY: It does!
All right, let me see.
Give me a sip.
Mmm!
- Hmm?
- You're right. Sunshine.
DASH:
Come on, don't be mad.
- I didn't mean anything by it.
- I know. I just...
You know I'm not just here
to take your mind off things, right?
I mean, I don't want you to be
hiding your problems from me.
I can handle it, whatever it
is you want to throw at me.
I know. I want you to be a part
of everything in my life.
Good, 'cause that's
what I want, too.
All right then.
- So marry me.
- What?
I thought you guys were already
getting married.
- See? Amy does have a PhD.
- No, no, marry me this weekend.
At the courthouse
just the two of us.
All right, no hassle,
no mothers-in-law, no guest list.
Just us. You two can be
the witnesses.
Hell, yes!
- AMY: That is so romantic!
- Yeah. Congratulations.
Penelope's gonna
lose her shit.
- Cheers.
- AMY: Cheers.
(laughter)
(bell clangs)
MAN: It's last call, people!
One more round!
Wow. I can't believe
it's already last call.
- We got to keep this party going.
- Yeah.
Who wants to go back
to Fair Haven and celebrate?
Let's go.
- Let's do this.
- Yeah.
Cheers.
(laughter)
(Archibald moaning)
We should join the others.
I could use a swim.
I know. I just like having
you to myself sometimes.
You can have me
whenever you want
as soon as you tell
your family the truth.
That you love me
and you're going to be my wife.
They will never
understand.
They'll think you spelled me,
that I'm under your control.
Hmm. As if I could control you.
You're more powerful than I am.
Do they really not know
how strong you are?
They know, but they also
believe you're pure evil.
Hmm. And what do you think?
I believe I was
sleepwalking
before I met you,
and you woke me up.
And when the
time is right,
and we have enough
followers to our cause,
we can return to
where we came from
and take back what
is rightfully ours.
And I will be proud to stand
beside you as your wife,
and I will not be ashamed.
Together, Ingrid,
there's nothing we can't do.
CALLIOPE: Something's
wrong with Elizabeth!
She just started
shaking, and then...
and then, all this blood
started pouring out!
- I don't know what happened!
- INGRID: We need to do something.
My mother can help.
She's an excellent healer.
There's nothing to be done.
She's dead.
Oh, poor woman.
This is what we get for trying
to help an inferior creature.
They'll blame us.
This could ruin everything.
We need to get rid of her body.
ARCHIBALD: We can bury her
down in the catacombs.
They'll be after us now,
the ones who don't understand,
but we can make this
a new beginning.
- Tonight. Let's marry tonight.
- Yes.
MAN: Where is Elizabeth?!
Oh.
Elizabeth?
Elizabeth?!
- How did you get in?
- What have you done with her?
You have no right to be here.
Be gone. Your sister is fine.
- Then show her to me.
- You sister has a right to be left alone.
Oh. The good people
of this town are on to you.
We know
you're doing the devil's work.
You have no idea what you're
talking about. You need to leave.
Fine.
Then I will take my sister
with me,
or I will return with 20 men,
and we will take her ourselves.
Elizabeth is dead.
She wanted to be young.
I granted her wish.
It didn't work out.
You killed her?!
It was an unfortunate
turn of events.
And now you're going to kill me?
I have no intention
of killing you.
(grunts)
My soon-to-be-wife will do it.
Archibald?
(panting)
Think of it
as a wedding gift.
I...
Please.
(grunts) (gasps)
You disappoint me, Ingrid.
(laughter)
DASH: Ooh, wow.
Whoa! It's freezing.
Calor Aqua.
Feels kind of
warm to me.
Huh. Must have been
in a cold spot or something.
AMY: Oh! That drink really
did a number on me.
- My ears are ringing.
- Me, too.
Me, too. That's good.
It means it's working.
- What are you talking about?
- Nothing.
I love this room.
It's so...
Creepy?
- You think?
- Oh, definitely creepy.
They used to have Satanic
sex rituals here, you know.
DASH: All right, you want creepy.
You know, the workers
just found an entrance to some
catacombs underneath the house.
- I haven't even checked that out yet.
- Oh, cool. Let's go.
What are you doing?
- I didn't think you were here.
- Don't do this.
Don't do what? I'm just
getting some things.
I'm taking a trip
to visit Freya in San Francisco.
- You're wearing a wedding dress.
- Yes, but it's not what it looks like.
Ingrid, stop. I know
about you and Archibald.
I don't know
what you're talking about.
I thought it was a phase.
I had no idea you were in so deep.
Ingrid, he doesn't care about you.
He's using you.
He went after me first, and I didn't
fall for it. You shouldn't, either.
Why are you lying like this?
Ingrid, you can't marry him.
He doesn't love you!
Just because you use men,
and just because
you only care about yourself
doesn't mean
everybody is like you.
You're right, he's not
like me. He's evil.
He cares about our kind.
He doesn't want us to have to hide
anymore. He's proud of what we are.
So we're going to a place
where nobody can hurt us.
Such a place doesn't exist!
If they find out what we are,
they will always hurt us.
Not if we go back to
where we came from!
- Archibald has found a way through.
- He's lying.
We're leaving tonight
after we're married.
I'm sorry, Wendy.
Yeah, the workmen say this place is
basically unchanged since it was built.
AMY:
Well, I don't like it.
What, are you afraid
we'll see a ghost?
I'm pretty sure
we're gonna see a rat.
I hate rats.
(Freya sighs)
- You all right?
- Yeah. I think I'm a little drunk.
I know you're drunk.
But I like drunk Freya...
she's fun.
Yeah, but drunk Freya
has a tendency
to do stupid things
she regrets the next day.
You talking
about the engagement party?
'Cause I don't think
you were drunk then.
Yeah, probably not.
So...
So, did you really have a dream about me
before you met me that night?
That's weird, right?
We both have dreams
about each other before we met.
Why have we never
talked about that?
There are a lot of things
we don't talk about.
- I'm sorry if I ever hurt you.
- Oh, no. Don't worry about it.
- We're good.
- Okay.
Good.
And congratulations
on the whole...
eloping thing...
I think that's great.
- I hope you guys are really happy.
- Yeah. Yeah. Thanks.
Anyway, I'm gonna go check on Amy, in
case she runs into any of those...
Rogue rodents.
(laughs)
(long sigh)
(liquid dripping)
(distorted whispers nearby)
(distorted whispers continue)
(soft gasp)
(gasps)
Whoa. Slow down.
Are you okay?
(panting): Yeah. Sorry, I'm just
feeling a little claustrophobic.
(distorted whispers continue)
Let's get out of here.
(groans)
(pants)
♪
Please... please let me go.
I can't. I can't let you go.
It's not gonna end well.
- My mind is made up.
- Let her pass.
You may have fooled her, Archibald,
but I know exactly what you're up to.
All I'm up to is finding a safe haven,
so we can live in peace.
I was hoping you would
join our cause.
I'd sooner die.
(both gasp)
(yells)
Very well, then.
- Care to do the honors this time?
- Wh-Why don't we just go?
She will follow.
Kill her.
- Archibald, I can't.
- You promised.
- INGRID: I know, but...
- Do you love me?
- Of course I love you.
- Then kill her...
Or I will.
(panting)
WENDY:
Pila metalli.
Pila metalli!
INGRID:
Athena!
(screaming)
(panting)
Sweetie...?
What's happening?
I just died.
Wendy killed me.
(sighs)
Wow, we are getting
married this weekend.
I guess we are.
Of course, the first time I met you,
I knew we'd get married.
- Y-You did not.
- Are you kidding?
No, I-I did. I did.
I walked into the Bent Elbow.
I think it was a Tuesday, I'd been
in town maybe a week, and...
There you were, mixing
a drink behind the bar.
And I...
I don't know,
I just had this feeling.
It was...
Like a wave crashing
over my head, and I knew.
It's the only time that's ever
happened to me in my entire life.
It took... all my strength
not to just walk over to you
and ask you to marry me
right then and there.
You never told me that.
I-I... didn't want you
to think I was a freak.
Well, you are my freak,
and I like it.
Me, too.
♪
I woke up from a nightmare
that you were in danger,
and I knew it wasn't a dream,
it was a vision.
So I got to the shop
as fast as I could.
I was too late.
(gasps) What happened?
What did you do
to my daughter?
Ask your sister.
It was an accident.
You killed my love.
You deserve to die.
I'll kill you as many times as it takes!
(yells)
(low grunt) (gasps)
Cultrum incalescere.
- ATHENA: Daddy!
- Get out of the way!
(Athena screams)
(gasps)
Cinis Cineris.
(screaming)
ATHENA (crying): What happened?
Where did he go?
- I'm sorry.
- You killed my father.
Shh.
Let it go, let it go. Shh.
Breathe. Shh...
(crying)
(speaks spell)
(crying, groaning)
(Athena crying quietly)
Freya will be dead
by morning.
They always die on the same day.
It was an accident.
I was trying to protect her.
She was gonna run away with him.
Did you know that she
was in love with him?
(panting):
I'm sorry.
If you had told me...
she was in love with him, then
together we could have saved her.
And instead, you've
killed them both.
You know I would never
hurt the girls on purpose.
But you did hurt them, because
you're reckless and dangerous
and you act without thinking.
(panting)
Get out.
I never want to
see you again.
(door closes)
And... that was it.
I didn't see Wendy again until
she turned up on our porch a month ago.
And... what happened to Athena?
She left town with two women
from Archibald's coven.
I spelled them so they could
never find East End again.
I tracked her for years.
And she died in the early 1960s.
(softly):
I loved that little girl.
I loved Archibald, too.
That spell was so real.
It was like I lived through it
all again in a matter of hours.
I could smell and taste everything.
I was there.
But I still can't understand it. How
could I have gotten so out of control?
We all have darkness inside of us,
Ingrid, even the best of us.
Even you.
(door opens)
- FREYA: Guys, we have a problem.
- Besides all the other problems?
There's an entire wall of ramus mortium
in the catacombs of Fair Haven.
- An entire wall?
- What the hell is ramus mortium?
- What are we gonna do?
- Has anyone else seen it?
No.
Then we need to do something
about it before somebody does.
(liquid dripping)
(soft gasp)
Whoa.
(birds chirping)
Hey, sweetie, want
to grab some breakfast?
No. Uh, thanks.
I should get to work.
- Are you okay?
- Yes, fine.
I'll see you later.
♪
(exhales)
- Hey.
- Hey, babe.
- Are you as hungover as I am?
- So much more.
- Crazy night, huh?
- Very crazy.
Hey. Babe, I kind of want to talk to you
about the whole elopement thing.
- Yeah. Yeah, I think we should wait.
- Me, too.
Yeah, if we're gonna do
it, let's do it right.
We'll have a real wedding,
with family and friends.
That's exactly
what I was gonna say.
You see? That's why
we're made for each other.
PENELOPE: Freya?
(soft groan)
What's this I hear
about an elopement?
Well, actually,
we're gonna wait.
We're gonna do it here,
make it big and splashy.
Tell the world how we
feel about each other.
Oh, good. I'm glad
you're gonna do it right.
You and your family mean
so much to me, Freya.
I have big plans for you.
It's going to be wonderful.
I am so excited.
Synced by Reef
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org